1. Does an amazing ob with their fish tacos and burritos. Excellent Mexican fast food. Ask for their habanero sauce if you like your food really hot!There isnt a lot of parking here, but you could park at nearby burger king if its just takeout. Great place for inexpensive mexican fast food. - parking, takeout
2. thank goodness el pelon has re-opened (eaten there twice this week alone) because it is by far one of the best value-price places I've ever been to.the burritos are incredibly tasty (their chicken and beef are so well seasoned...) and  if you add their guacamole to it too you'll never turn back.their enchiladas, tacos, etc are also quite good but def try the burritosand yes this burrito will keep you satisfied and is a lot more flavorful than Anna's or any other place in this area!
3. This place makes the tiny Fenway apartments, with miniature kitchen stoves, bearable!    Delicious food, fast and relatively cheap!  Don't let the long lines scare you away - it moves quick and is worth it!  I'm a big fan of the chicken quesadilla, but also have recently ventured to the El guapo - which is amazing when you are hungry - otherwise it's just too much food for me! - line, queue
4. This is a must for any Mexican food lover. The burritos are excellent. The plantains are great too. I lived about 100ft away from this place for a year. I saw how often they receieved food deliveries, practically every day; this food is fresh! - deliveries
5. The price, and the bean and cheese burrito at El Pelon were a cause to celebrate. Unfortunately the fried plantains left a bitter impression on the otherwise favorable experience. The formula to a light, crispy fried plaintain is simple, however ours were reminicent of warm baby food rather than a comforting ethnic snack.The service was mediocre, but about on par with what I would expect of a busy cheapo eatery. - service
6. oh for god's sake why do you keep getting on fire damnit??seriously this isnt funny at all. cut it out.
7. Find this place, eat everything on the menu (it's cheap enough).  Since moving from CA I have missed Mexican food, and this is the only place that even comes close to satisfying my craving for tamales.
8. I will be a voice of dissent here and say that I was not impressed. The chips were stale, my burrito was badly made and just not at all memorable. The chicken was dry, which drives me crazy. I also found it all overly priced, but everything in the area is.The place is also really small, although you can always go out and eat outside on the benches. Maybe I went on a bad day, but I just did not understand what the hype was all about.Personally I'd rather walk to Qdoba to get a burrito, although saying that might be sacrilege... - price
9. All I can really offer regarding a review about this place are those noises Homer SImpson makes when he's drooling over food.  So, just imagine I'm doing that over veggie burritos, loud-ass Latin music, and fried plantains with hot salsa that I totally drank down when the plantains were gone.  To use my brother's word, glurp, I want to freaking glurp everything they make here, it's so good.  Next review, I'll tell you about Glurp Stations, but for this one, still making those Homer noises. - music
10. El Pelon is one of my favorite places to eat in Boston.  Besides the fact that you can stuff your face for under 8 dollars, and I do mean stuff, the food is amazing.  Great tacos, burritos, platos are especially tast, even the salad that they give you is good.  Not a lot of room to sit inside, but if its nice there are benches outside to sit on and you can also just stand and eat.  Go go go to El Pelon. - benches, lot of space
11. This really is among the best Mexican food I have found in the area! Highlights are the fish tacos, pork sandwich, and pretty much any burrito. Anna's has NOTHING on these guys! The ingredients taste so fresh; the limed onions are tender crisp, the cabbage bright, and the avocado ripe. The shredded pork is so good, it makes me want to slap my momma!  I could eat at El Pelon every day and not get tired of it, which I've managed to do at times that my wallet could manage it!
12. By far the best burrito in Boston.  Everyone talks about Anna's because they have a bunch of locations but do they have El Guapo or plantains?  No.  El Pelon also scores points for outdoor seating. - seating
13. Food here is DELICIOUS and CHEAP!!! Oh the mouth watering quesadilla...now I feel hungry...The waiter here is so nice too. He let me tasted all the drinks before I made up my mind -- the most patient waiter I've seen! Two thumbs up. :-)
14. I loooove this place.  If you go to Simmons, Emmanuel, Wheelock, whatever, you owe it to yourself to ditch your swill-filled dining halls and get a tasty burrito.  I usually get the carne asada burrito and strawberry soda.  Soooo good.  Best burrito in Boston.  The salsa is a little weak but always fresh and yummy.  Oh, El Pelon, I will miss you now that I'm home for the summer.
15. Yum!  El Pelon's vegetarian burrito with the addition of guacamole is not only delicious, but also very affordable at under $6.  They have lots of healthy vegetarian options for very lil money.
16. I love this place - best Mexican food in Boston. Their fish tacos are DELICIOUS - an absolute must-try!  Great burritos, enchiladas, tacos, guac, salsa, and everything else I've ever had there. There is a line in front of this place every weekday between 11:30 and 1:30 ish, but it moves pretty quicky and is worth the wait. Not much room to sit  - if you are lucky you can snag a table in- or outdoors (first come, first serve).
17. This is my favorite burrito joint in town - good size, great filings! (all of my friends love Anna's but I think their chicken filling is gritty and gross) This place has fresh and better quality ingredients!  Plus, you can get other things like fried plaintains (which are super starchy potato chip/french fries). Staff is great and I love that you can sit outside on a warm evening because they have picnic tables in front.
18. El Pelon is such a great place! i go there all the time for my weekly fix of enchiladas or burritos. Its wicked cheap, super casual and packed during lunch hours, but so worth it, especially in the summer with the outdoor picnic tables
19. The perfect stop before seeing a movie - fast, friendly and affordable. The fish tacos are delicious.
20. Probably my favorite taqueria in boston.  The negative reviews seem to attack the "sour cream" for not being thick enough.  Although I do prefer a thicker sour cream on my burrito, I think this is an unfounded attack of sorts, as I think it's more of a Crema/Table Cream that is offered at El Pelon.  Which (correct me if I'm wrong here) I believe is more authentic.
21. dear charlotte z. (see her review below),being from California makes you a Californian, but that isn't a nationality. maybe you were discriminated against for being dumb.
22. The food, atmosphere and service is always excellent here.  A underground surprise in the city.  The best Mahi, Mahi tacos!!  The apple spiced martini is a must.  This is a place you will crave! - atmosphere, service
23. Sexy atmosphere with a hard-to-locate women's bathroom and unconventional margarita cocktails.  Bartender was awesome and very friendly, drinks were deliciously strong.  As a stop-over after an ivy league alumni event, it functioned perfectly as a place to  have a late-night drink with a few friends.  Dark lighting ensures that even on your worse hair day, no one will really be able to notice.  No five stars because the music left something to be desired and the bar is narrow - a big pet peeve of mine (Eastern Standard is the-worst-offender). - bar, bathroom, music
24. As a bar/lounge I liked it - cool décor - low light euro sexy feel to it  - good crowd on the night I was there. Yes the drinks were expensive but the jalapeño margarita actually had bite and was very strong. I will be back to try the food. - bar/lounge, light
25. In short, this place is a bit creepily (in a good way, if that's possible) decorated, a tad overpriced, but pretty delicious and a hell of a lot of fun.Now, in long:The restaurant wasn't busy around 8:45pm on a Tuesday.  I found my date sitting at the bar, sipping tequila, waiting for me (only about 3 hours late - so sorry B!) to arrive.  Yes, that's right. He was sipping tequila straight up.  No, he's not an alcoholic (well I cannot say for sure but I suspect not), the tequila offerings are just THAT GOOD.  This stuff goes down too smoothly - dangerous.The restaurant, at a low ground-level, is decorated darkly and a twistedly in a black and red theme with small red candles everywhere (think creepy Catholic Church in a horror movie).  There are bright red roses everywhere and glowing lights against the exposed brick walls.We waited a mere 5 minutes for our table to be ready, but the hostess was extremely communicative, helpful, chatty, and she had a great attitude.Once seated, we were given the grapefruit palete cleanser - served atop a container of dry ice - the waiter pours a complimentary tequila shot over it and steps back so we can watch the magic happen.  We were also given a basket of just-fried tortilla chips with three dipping sauces to munch on while we perused the extensive menu.Tony, our waiter, was not only extremely knowledgeable about the food and the tequila, but he had some amazing recommendations.  The staff was obviously trained in all the dishes, which was a pleasant surprise.  Nothing gets to me like a restaurant that doesn't have its servers at least try all the dishes so they know what each is like.  He seemed confident in the menu so we went with his recommendations across the board:We started with the ribs, which were sticky and covered in sweet, dark sauce.  The meat fell off the bone and melted in my mouth, making consumption scarily easy.  In classic Homer Simpson form, you could literally put one end of the rib in your mouth, hold onto the other end, and slide the meat clean off.  The dark sauce the ribs are slathered in was so delicious, we ended up using our tortilla chips to scoop what was left right off the plate. Tocina guacamole: The bacon guac had a nice smokiness that worked very well with the avocado (though I was originally very skeptical).  The only issue with this is that it's such a tiny bowl for the price, i'd say it's egregiously expensive.Lolita has a tres ceviches option-each served in a shot glass.  One of the offerings tasted of coconut and lime but nothing else, and the other two didn't have a remarkable or distinguishable flavor.  The three little glasses are served on one plate with some sort of chili-dusted popcorn garnish.  The popcorn is stale and unremarkable, and I assume it's more for decoration than for eating.The best dish of the night was the pollo asado.  The chicken was cooked skin-on and was, as a result, unbelievably moist.  However, it was served with roasted potatoes and peppers, which were sort of "meh".  The star was the chicken - it's safe to say this has dethroned GATC as my favorite chicken dish in Boston, despite the fact that the veg was mismatched and out of place with this type of cuisine.  It's still a dish worth trying, though perhaps the accompaniments would mesh better were they more Mexican-themed, perhaps avocado and grilled cactus or something...or a chunky mango or tomato salsa with a bit of a kick.   The server brings temporary tattoos and complimentary green apple cotton candy (with a pop rocks garnish) the size of a beach ball with the check.  Such a fun way to end the meal - attempting to apply temporary tattoos in your warm, fuzzy, tequila-soaked haze while simultaneously trying to convince your dinner date that tattooing his own cheek or forehead would be a really bad idea come the next morning when he has to wake up, put on a suit, and go to his office job (not that you care, but he settled for the hand, and I learned the hard way that these tattoos don't scrub off well in the shower - you were warned).The bathrooms are decorated with the same black/red/biker-esque theme, and the porcelin pattern of the toilets matches the print on the little dish they bring the check out on.  Attention to detail was most certainly paid here.Overall, the waitstaff (Tony especially) was amazing, and the decor was fun and different from other recent Boston-area restaurant openings.  If Jack the Pumpkin King and Kat Von Dee wanted to become business partners and open up an upscale Mexican restaurant and tequila bar, it'd look just like this.  It's very Tim-Burton-Meets-Naughty-Vampire.  Addendum: the only odd part of the experience is that they have a giant, empty dance floor with couches along the wall and a separate bar for...er...dance parties?  Seems out of place, and was obviously empty at 9pm on a Tuesday night, but that didn't necessarily break the experience. - overpriced, staff
26. I'm a huge fan of Mexican food so I try to go here a couple times a year and I must say so far I haven't been disappointed. Both the chicken and steak tacos are delish and I love the guac and salsa in the beginning too. They also bring out this frozen tequila stuff to take before the chips come out to clear your palate which I think is fantastic. At the end of the meal they also bring out cotton candy with pop rocks on top. As for their drinks, I've tried a few of their margaritas, which I believe they are "known for" but I haven't been TOO impressed. They're good but nothing to brag about. The scene is lively and the decor is trendy. People range from college students to accomplished businessmen and the bar is usually crowded around 7 between Thurs-Sat nights. - bar, decor
27. Really, I'm feeling 3.5 stars here. I went with a party of about 8 and it was a good time. I think we mostly agreed on the pros and cons of the place. Here's my list of LIkes and Dislikes:Likes:- good food quality - good food quantity (i.e. portion size)- food served on cool large plates- free chips and salsa- homemade salsa- lighting and decor were sexy- good music - water brought to table in carafe- solid tablesDislikes:- crowded layout / somewhat claustrophobic- very pricey drinks- a little too loud for deep conversation- seemingly pretentious staff and atmosphere- few round group tablesHope this helps! - pricey
28. THE GOOD STUFFOverall I loved Lolita! A bunch of my girlfriends and I went for my birthday and it was the perfect place. I really enjoy trying new places around the city and this is one you want to put on your list. As you walk in it's a bit dark and mysterious then you walk down a couple stairs and it stretches to the right a little ways and far down on the left and you will be facing one of two bars. The entire place was packed, especially the bar area which gets a little tight because its "roped off" by a gothic black metal fence. The drinks were a bit pricey (I think it was $12 for a margarita) but were amazing..don't be fooled by not getting a margarita glass. My friends all got the Bonita Margarita and liked it alot, I got a mojito and it was fabulous. It's pretty dark inside with dim-lit red accent lighting...a sexy fun place to go out with the girls or someone new on a fun date. Atmosphere gets a 10. THE NOT SO GOOD STUFFNow, two downfalls on the place...one, we were ten minutes late for our 8pm (sat.) reservation and they gave our table away. We waited for an hour and ten minutes in the back bar area which was fine at first but then my tummy started growling...being that it was going on 9:30pm. I checked in with the host (nice guy, trying to please everyone) atleast three times and thought maybe he could help me out since it was my birthday. He laughed and was fun and said for all of our waiting he would send over a free drink however... I never got it. My other mixed review is the food. On some levels it was great - tequilia over dry ice, jumbo shrimp and cotton candy, yum!! But...I do not recommend the enchiladas. It comes with two but are so tiny and not much meat...I would have preferred a delicious Borders Cafe one for $7 vs. that one for $25. MY RECOMMENDATIONS- Leave the music alone, it's more fun on the loud side (I'm 28)- Please brighten up the bathrooms...women like to touch up their makeup ya know- I really want this place to be a 10 food wise...please improve the food, size, taste and temperature (ours entrees were a little cold) - temperature,size
29. Lolita is a great addition to the Back Bay neighborhood because there is nothing else like it. I love their creative margarita list and swanky red lights that make for a good girls night, date spot or starting destination on a Friday night. Though not the most authentic Mexican ever, the food is pretty good. Get a few apps to share and you're likely to leave happy and full.
30. Would give it a 2.5 Went with friends this weekend for a birthday,  We got there around 8:30 and were told they wouldn't be able to seat us till 11.  Had I known how small this place was I never would have gone without a reservation.  We went to the lounge with everyone else who was waiting and tried to find a table. This was worse than finding a parking spot at the mall during Christmas. People were standing right on top of tables and pouncing as soon as they opened- even when there were people who had clearly been waiting longer. We lost out on the first table but were able to squeeze into another one. The drinks were great - sadly the food was just ok .We were excited for the cotton candy at the end, our waitriess said they usually didn't bring that to people eating in the bar but she made one for us anyway and put a candle in it for the bday girl.Will go back for drinks but doubt I'd do dinner again. - seat, parking
31. I had stopped by Lolita's before but was told there was approximately a 2 hour wait, so I decided to try my luck again on a Saturday night with my gf. I called ahead to see what the wait for a table would be like and the person on the phone said 30 minutes. This seemed reasonable to me since it was 10 pm already. We got there at 10:30 and there was a line but we got in after 10 minutes and were seated right away. Our server Sean was great, very professional and attentive. He even gave us a complementary grapefruit shaved ice tequila drink. We ordered some food and drinks. We got the pork tacos and the 3 different kinds of guacamole. The tacos were slightly on the saltier side but still delicious. We both loved the guacamole. As for the drink I had the diablo which is well reviewed by other users and I just wanted to add that I enjoyed it too. The green apple cotton candy was an excellent way to cap the night. I would definitely come back here. - line, server
32. Came here for a bachelorette dinner this weekend with a group of 7. We ordered the guacamole as a starter, which was really good, and we all liked the bottomless chips with the three salsas. Our waitress was really friendly and helpful, and always made sure we had drinks and everything we needed. I thought the food was pretty good (i had the chicken quesadilla), and the sangria was delicious. The best part was the cotton candy with the pop rocks at the end for free. A really nice surprise. The decor was really different with the red walls and the candle wax, and the iron gates. I thought it was pretty unique and different. - decor
33. If you are young and would like a trendy place that you are willing to stand outside in the cold in a line like an idiot this is the place for you.  When you walk in, picture the "plastics" from the movie, "Meangirls" greating you.  The ring leader who greets you with a fake smile holding an Ipad along with her 2 minions standing next to her.  If you are an actual mature adult and would like to go to a nice restaurant to dine this is not the place for you.  My girlfriends and I decided to have a mom's night out and had heard this was a cool place to try.  Two of us arrived first.  We were told that we could get a table but could also order the full menu at the lounge in the back.  We headed to the back and ordered drinks while we waited for our third party.  While enjoying our drinks, we were able to get a seat in the lounge area.  So, we decided to stay.  We ordered food and a pitcher in anticipation for friend's arrival.  When she finally arrived, she was not let in and told she had to stand in line for 10 minutes.  I quickly got up to go get her and told the security at the door that our party was already inside and ordered food already.  I was directed to the hostess and she told me at this point that if we were not at a table, my friend could not come in as it is a "fire code."  She kept repeating this in a very snobby tone.  I explained that we had already ordered food and drinks but she kept going back to us not having a table and it being a "fire code."  What difference is it letting one person in whether it be for a table or into the lounge?  It is still one person.  I would not return to a place that does not know anything about customer service and how to treat their patrons who are spending money at their establishment.  I am embarrassed with the way we were treated.  Especially being that I was the one to recommend this horrible place. - line, lounge, security, service
34. Went here with some friends after hearing great things about the place.  It was a Friday during lent so when I wanted tacos I was upset to see that they didn't have a vegetarian option.  There were only meat and fish tacos no vegetable tacos.  I felt pressured to make a split second decision and so I opted for the chicken seeing how I do not eat fish.  I got the corn as well and when the food arrived it was warm and not hot.  The drinks were good but overall I thought the experience was just okay.  I'm not hurrying up to get back there any time soon.
35. Not a huge fan of this place on a busy night.  The bar is incredibly uncomfortable when there are 30 people in the bar area.  No where comfortable to stand and eventually were moved to the back of the restaurant where there is a lounge and small bar.  The female bartender was also flustered (or uninterested?) in being amicable. We ordered a tanqueray and tonic and received a beefeater and tonic.  When we asked why she responded "oh we ran out of tanqueray" and walked away.  Please feel free to do the same when I order a chicken sandwich and you send me a bowl of soup.  The design of the restaurant itself makes it look like something out of new york.  people seemed to be enjoying themselves (those sitting at a table or already tucked into the bar) so I would recommend trying to secure one of these spots to have an enjoyable night here. - bar, lounge, bartender
36. What is Lolita?I read that Roger Ebert attempts to review films according to what they are trying to be. So, he would rate "The Hangover" in the context of how well it achieved its role of a comedy, and not compare it to dramas or other classic films. Sticking to that process, a good burrito place ("El Pelon", for example) might get 5 stars from me whereas a "nicer" place ("Lolita" in this case) might not earn that because it fails to live up to its promise.I was confused by Lolita. The moody host and hostess made this place seen exclusive and swanky, but there were noticeable corners cut that showed how superficial this restaurant is. Instead of paper towels they have cheap rags in the bathrooms. The dining chairs are (purposely?) mismatched and don't match the Gothic décor. A palate cleanser starts your dinner, a grapefruit slushy splashed topped with cheap tequila. Cotton candy (wtf?) is served at the end... And they give you temporary tattoos.PROSThere were a few positive things I should mention...Atmosphere - Red lighting, iron gates and brick walls provide an intimate, Gothic, (and dare I say?)  sexual atmosphereDrinks - Nice variety of mixed creations, huge tequila selection. Food - The sweet potato fries were good. The chips were good and came with a few dips to tryCONSThis list will be longer.Wait Time -Had to wait over an hour to get a table, and they don't take reservations for less than 6 peopleHost - Dude was moody. Kind of a jerk. Not how you want to be greeted when going out. Atmosphere - As mentioned above, it was cool but almost too dark, had to use the flashlight on my phone so my girlfriend could read the menuDécor - The country-ish wooden chairs were (purposely?) mismatched and didn't really go with the Gothic feel-Instead of paper towels in the bathroom, they had cheap rags -Check delivered on cheap plate. How do I know it's cheap? Because they left the TJ Maxx sticker on the bottomFood - A bit expensive for the fare. It just feels wrong spending $20 a plate for Mexican food, especially when it's very average and places like Border Café and El Pelon exist for a fraction of the cost. Clientele - First time in my life I've seen someone interrupt a waiter serving another table to request their checkVERDICTMeh. 2 Stars because it was completely horrible, but the word I keep coming back to is FAKE. Don't waste your time when there are better options in the city. If you want to go someplace fancy, try Eastern Standard or the North End. Or if you're in Back Bay and want average Mexican food, go to Cactus Club. TL;DRCotton candy? Dish rag napkins? Plates with TJ Maxx price stickers? TEMPORARY TATTOOS!? You can't charge $20+ a plate and then do janky crap like that. There's potential here (location and atmosphere), hopefully this restaurant evolves. -atmosphere, lighting, Cost
37. Let me preface this review with...I didn't actually make it inside the restaurant/bar. Had heard Lolitas had very long waits so I put my name in when I got into Boston around 6:30. They quoted the wait at 2 and half hours. I figured...great, I will enjoy Boston for a few hours and pick up a snack at the Met Bar across the street to tide me over. 3 and a half hours goes by and I get a phone call that our table is ready. Less than 10 minutes later, we are at the restaurant and they had given our table away. Not the end of the world, I had eaten by this time, so I was willing to just hang at the bar. Heard they have good drinks. They said I would have to WAIT in line. Line was long and it was cold out. They lost me there! From a customer service standpoint, not very good.No hard feelings. Hope to try this place eventually. Will write another review at that point. Just a warning if you are planning your night around Lolitas.
38. I attended the soft opening at Lolita Cocina & Tequila Bar this week and found myself very impressed with the food, service, and atmosphere. The restaurant has a sexy atmosphere; it is dark and warm with music well balanced with the chatter and absorbed well by the decor. The walls are reclaimed brick lit by small red lights and there are candles and rod iron everywhere. The tables are rough hewn wood with a teak finish and dressed with cotton linens. When I sat down at the table, I was given water, offered a drink and provided an interesting icy concoction over dry ice, the waitress doused it in some complimentary tequila. This was followed by tortilla chips and three unique types of salsa. We then ordered the Carne Asada, Cornbread, the lobster guacamole, lobster enchilada, and pork tacos. All of the food was excellent - the cornbread was out of this world good. To sum it up, the experience was great. It is definitely a nice break from the pubs and pretentious atmosphere of most restaurants in the Newbury area. It is chill enough to sit there and talk to a date or upbeat to bring a group of friends or coworkers. - atmosphere, service, lights, decor
39. Went here for a friend's birthday party and we were only hanging out in the bar/lounge area at the end of the restaurant so this review is all about the cocktails.First of all, the hostess and the bartenders - girls, girls, girls - were all very friendly and very attractive. This coming from a gay man. I would host a night of my brother's bachelor party here. And it doesn't stop there. The Saturday night we were there the ratio of girls to guys was 10 to 1 and most had a cocktail in hand. Not exactly my thing but I now have a place to help out my straight bros in times of need.The scene is definitely trendy and young with cute girls in shiny skirts and high heels like you wouldn't find outside of the city. While the atmosphere isn't exactly my scene, the drinks more than make up for it. They have an excellent menu with bourbon cocktails that aren't fruity. Stuff that'll put some hair on your chest. I spent most of the night talking to the bartenders about their favorite drinks and I literally had to be dragged away by the rest of the party to head on over to the next bar but I will definitely be back and maybe I'll try some food too. -bartenders, hostess
40. If you're an upper-middle class owl or a bat, Lolita's is the perfect date place because it's ultra chic-sexy-RAWRR and incredibly dark. Especially if you are of mexican descent for both those species, because the margaritas are tastyy. There were two highlights to my night: the habenero-mango salsa and being escorted to my table by their delightful hostess Kayla.
41. Finally! This is exactly the type of restaurant that Southie desperately needed. The people behind Lincoln and Lawn on D are geniuses. This spot is nothing short of amazing. I've been to Loco a handful of times already, sometimes just for drinks and sometimes for food, but my experience has always been great. The only tough part is that sometimes the wait is incredibly long, but this has been getting better as the novelty of the restaurant starts to wear off. Our first time eating dinner here, we waited THREE hours! Now the wait is much more reasonable, usually around an hour or a little longer around the height of the dinner rush.MUST orders: the Coco margarita is to die for, I order it every time. The tuna crudo tostada is also amazing, it comes with three for an order so if you have more than three people, order 2 (everyone should really get their own!). I also absolutely love the spicy duck taquitos. I don't know exactly what they put in the dipping sauce for those taquitos, but if I could fill a bathtub with it, I would. The guacamole is to die for, the chips are lightly seasoned with dust of the gods and the guacamole itself is basically just chunks of avocado with seasoning. It's one of my favorite guacamoles I've had in Boston! As for the tacos, I highly recommend the shaved pork and the carne asada tacos. Each order comes with two, but this place was really meant to share everything.The only item I've ever ordered that I haven't loved was the cola pork carnitas tacos. They were still tasty, but underwhelming compared to how fantastic everything else was! If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out. - lawn


57. Tried Locos tonight. I have mixed feelings. Two stars is really related to the food.Positive things to note: happy to have another trendy restaurant in the area. The transformation of west broadway has been great to watch and obviously this is a step up from pan Asia!The space is cool, they did a great job redecorating. Very trendy space.The chips and guac were great! Definitely would order it again.  My boyfriend also really enjoyed the house marg.The bad: there were definitely a few negatives. Although the space is cool looking, it isn't functional! The bar takes up most of the space, leaving limited room for seated tables. While we were having dinner there were people three lines deep at the bar right up at our table. Wasn't great ambiance for dinner (and this was at 6pm!)I ordered the Chica Loco marg. I couldn't drink it. While normally I wouldn't include a drink preference in a yelp review, I specifically asked the server is this was a sweet margarita and he said no. It was so sweet I couldn't drink it! The worst part were the tacos. We ordered the carne asada and carnitas tacos. Neither had any flavor! A good taco should be an explosion of flavor in your mouth... These were so bland. When I tried the carnitas and realized I could get better carnitas at chipotle I stopped eating. All in all while we were disappointed we will probably be back. Since the tables were so close together we chatted with the table next to us and they were happy with what they ordered. They gave the grilled corn rave reviews! - bar, ambiance
58. Great service and excellent foodSwordfish and carne asada tacos were amazing. Guac was perfectly not TOO spicy and chips had sugar on them. MMMM - service
59. Great neighborhood spot in South Boston serving up  all of my favorite things: margaritas, oysters, and tacos. I love the spicy margarita, oysters escabeche and all of the tacos on the menu (especially carnitas, chicken and barbacoa). Really interesting flavors and quality ingredients. Plus, almost everything on the menu is gluten free! They do not take reservations so plan to go early, put your name in and either wait at the bar or try another Southie spot while you wait. They will text you when your table is ready.
60. I absolutely love Loco, both for the novelty of its menu and for the experience! While they have main dishes, I recommend going with the intention of grabbing a great drink and sampling a bunch of the appetizers and tacos (highly recommend the Lobster Tacos, Fried Oyster Tacos, and the street corn - it's amazing!!). The food is incredible, and while some people have commented on the prices, I've found it to be completely reasonable when sharing a bunch of dishes - especially considering the quality. All of the waitstaff I have had have been great (although new!), and I can only see that improving with time. The Manager is also incredibly friendly and accommodating.I hope they will start taking reservations as it is a very crowded place considering the novelty of it, but I've gone on Sundays when they open and on weeknights by 6pm and have had no problem.I will definitely be back...again and again! - waitstaff, reservations
61. I'm not thin, and over 7 days I will eat many wonderful comestibles.  High end, low end, pub, ethnic, a potpourri of dishes.  Today, visiting Tenoch for the first time was transcendent and startling.  My torta, with chicharron, dressed with guacamole, slaw, pickled red onions, cheese, a flavorful sauce, and cilantro, was truly excellent.  The bread, called telera I think, was delicate, but substantial enough to balance this amazing handful of joy.  I'll be back.
62. I am so excited to have this place in the north end! We have been eagerly anticipating Tenoch's opening, and it was definitely worth the wait! The owners are very friendly and enthusiastic about what they do. The environment there is great. I had the fish tacos, which were amazing. Can't wait to try everything else! - environment
63. Oyyy, what a dynamite find. As I ordered my meal, the attendant would follow every item with "mmhmm, delicioso". And damn indeed, everything on this homey menu is delicious. Jam packed with flavor, freshness, and authenticity. I would def recommend the tortas and the tamale (or really anything that comes with the mole). - attendant
64. Obsessed. Both locations come with amazing favorable food and great service. I've tried half the menu and my favorites are:- carnitas tostada- carnitas / carne asada enchiladas with mole sauce (I ask for lettuce instead of beans)- carne asada ensalada with their impeccable light cilantro lime homemade dressing- the guac! OH MY GOD the guac. I dream of it.- pescado tacos are solid - actually all the tacos are solid!- last but not least their Tortas. yUM. The only place I've ever seen around who serve these. Amazing warm meat inside the most delectable telera bread.Finish it off with a bottle of coke and you won't ever regret it.
65. Not as friendly as one near Tufts. Refried beans are different but ok. Sad when the owners are not here.....I guess they can't be everywhere.
66. I have never had a torta before but I do believe I have reached the apex on my first try. I had the torta campechana which contained a generous serving of melt-in-your-mouth pulled pork as well as cheese, tomatoes and avocados which all tasted very fresh. The bread added another delicious element to the sandwich as it was think and soft and perfectly soaked up the sauces and oils from the sandwich without becoming soggy. I added a delicious smoky homemade hot sauce to the torta which enhanced the overall flavor of the sandwich. Definitely a place I will be returning to in order to try the many other offerings on the menu- all for under 10 dollars! - serving
67. Following the recommendation of a coworker, my boyfriend and I stopped in here for burritos the other night. I ordered carne asada with cheese, and he ordered chicken with cheese and sour cream. Never again - what a waste of money! The burrito was lukewarm and positively tasteless. Both the chicken and beef were overcooked and dry.  The rice (which took up about 70% of the filling) was so bland and disgusting. Because the burrito was barely warm, the cheese wasn't melted at all. It looked like they just sprinkled it with shredded Kraft cheese straight from the refrigerator. If I'm paying extra for cheese, it should at least be good, especially since most burrito places don't charge extra for it like Tenoch does.Being burrito fans, we were excited to check this place out, but I can sadly say that we will never be back.
68. Do yourself a favor and try a torta from Tenoch. They will change your life!!
69. Being a Mexican from Los Angeles I was told there is no good Mexican food on the east coast...This is not true. This place has the best torta I've ever had.  So delicious!
70. Let me start off by saying, I was so excited for this place to open in the north end. As a local resident, anything other than Italian food is welcome. I love what they did with the space, there's a handful tables to sit down. I got the choriqueso torta. The flavors were pretty good but there was just too much mayo and the dish was overall very unhealthy. Maybe I caught it on an off day but the bun was just soaking in grease. Probably perfect to eat after a hangover but not when you're sober and eating this for dinner. Prices are good but I just can't endorse. - space, flavours, prices
71. This place use to be the best local place around but myself and my pregnant wife got food poisoning from them, the chicken was bad that day or something. We can't risk going here again.
72. I love small inexpensive places that serve amazing tasty food. That's exactly why I'll be back to Tenoch. I read that tortas are what they do best, so I got the Torta Campechana. Great flavors, tender pork, just all around delicious. Good atmosphere and Mexican sodas only added to the experience. - atmosphere, flavours
73. The best authentic Mexican food north of the border! Just the right amount of heat and zing for us. We ordered the torta carnitas, the fish taco and the pork and mole tamale. Everything was served hot and freshly made in less than 10 minutes. Very tasty! Loved the prices too. The decor was understated and we ate to the accompaniment of some very pleasant music. There was a near constant stream of people eating in or taking out. The bathroom was also clean! - taking out, decor, music, served
74. Visiting Boston and found this place on yelp.   The reviews were right!   Delightful authentic Mexican food.   10 yr old niece loved it too!
75. I think that this place is a great addition to the neighborhood as it gives you a pleasant alternative to the endless Italian food in the North End. Prices are reasonable and they have some delicious hot sauces. However, giving this place 5 stars is completely unfair to the El Pelon's of Boston and to some of the legitimate Mexican restaurants found elsewhere. While my burritos have been solid each time their tacos were not very good (maybe it was due to the fact that we came thirty minutes before closing but not sure). I would recommend checking this place out and supporting the workers who seem to be very kind and patient.
76. I would definitely go here again if I visited Boston. We just found this place and it's great. My son loved his torta.
77. I love spicy food and am always looking for Mexican food around town. After hearing that Tenoch had opened around North End, I decided to go give it a try since it is close to me. The place is small, but the menu is big enough and amazing. Definitely try the tortas (I've tried Campechana and Tenoch and both were very good) and the tacos (pastor, carne asada, chorizo) are very good as well. If you like spicy food, make sure you tell them to give you extra, definitely worth it. I still need to try the tamales since they were out last time I visited, which gives me a reason to stop by soon.
78. Really good Mexican coming from this Gringo.   Tenoch is a great addition to a been there done that restaurant neighborhood.   I would recommend asking for a side of hot sauce.  It's delicious and quite spicy.   Start slow.  It really enhances the flavor of rice and beans.  I'll be back. - flavour
79. A couple month's ago I noticed that Theo's Cozy Corner has quesadillas on the menu, so I tried one. Great bread and mix of veggies: red and green peppers, squash, zucchini, good mushrooms, cheese, etc. This is a Brazilian place.I decided to try a veggie quesadilla here, to go. Got home with a moist mess of 60%onions (cheap), 30% chopped tomato (cheap) and a couple other little stringy thingies. The way people are raving about this place that was a big letdown. Not a green around - no spinach, let alone some kale...yeah, right. I've tried the fish torta twice. The first time the fish filet was as thick as three envelopes stacked. The second time it was as thick as four envelopes. We're in Boston, not Boise, right? Gimme some fish. Good, spicy sauce. No avocado though.The fish tacos were pretty good - get at least two. A 1/4 inch piece of lime accompamiment. No dipping sauce on the side - no nuthin'. Comparable to the fish taco from Cobblestones - and They Have Free Delivery. You'll also pay more for this than the meat-centric offerings. Why Dat?Never any napkins in the take-out bag. No condiments, no offer of hot - or any other -sauce. Never any plastic utensils. No beer, no wine. No Delivery in a sadly almost delivery-bare neighborhood.I don't ingest things that recently went Oink, Mooo, Bahhhh, Cluck, or many of the other delightful communicative sounds emitted in the animal kingdom before the slaughterhouse slice-and-dice. Perhaps those meaty morsels are this outpost's strong suit. Unlike, say, Viva Burrito (delivery) which offers everything from red snapper to scallops, salmon to shrimp, etc., Tenoch has not even a shrimpy in site. In a land of 100+ Italian spots, naturally a modestly-priced place offering a different ethnic cuisine should thrive. The demographic of the neighborhood has changed drastically in the last few years, and this place caters to said demographic. Somebody should open a Falafel place here, they'd be just as busy.The counter help has always been pleasant and friendly. They could just bump-up the selection and fish quality, etc., a bit. The chips that come with the salsa are Boooring, and if you want a side of the good guacamole you need to get salsa to get some guac-dredging chips. Just. Sayin'. -delivery
80. So happy that this place is finally open. Delicious!!!! Extremely friendly employees too. I will be back, probably tomorrow.
81. Really good and cheap food. We got the shrimp quesadilla (BOMBB), chicken tinga taco (ehhh I'll pass), fish taco (delicious but sauce is so runny), and the pulled pork torta (it's good but has a fishy taste/smell for some reason), oh and two drinks. Total was $30 and some change.There's a bathroom inside which is a plus. I'd probably go back to try more quesadillas. P.S. The menu on the chalk board is mostly in Spanish
82. Crazy awesome Mexican food. I went here as part of the Boston Cyclist Union's Taco Tour event, but I will be back for sure! I had the special, the pork belly (chicharone) taco, oh...man...crispy, hot, and full of flavor. I was told that this was only done once a month too! Socrates and his crew do some darned excellent work! - flavour
83. Good tacos, solid authentic tacos. The tortas have definitely changed a bit, they're more expensive and seem to have gotten smaller. I will gladly keep coming back here for more. I just hope the neighborhood doesn't keep driving up the prices and lower the intensity of the spiciness of the hot sauce because that would be a shame. - prices
84. The best chicken and shrimp quesadillas ! The tortas are also delicious ! Highly recommend this place for good Mexican food.
85. Okay okay so I can finally say I have found a place that is very comprable to the tacos that I would receive in California , not so much street tacos but very very flavorful tacos. Parking is limited on the street but you can't find parking staff is very helpful friendly and once again the meets are just very flavorful sauces are delicious and just a great place. I will definitely be returning back and being a regular customer. - parking
86. Delicious. I ordered the spicy chicken.I usually eat a lot, but managed this time to save a little for later. Sizeable burritos.Plus they have the Frida Callo painting on the wall. Gorgeous.
87. Delicious authentic food! I strongly recommend the Carne Asada Quesadillas and their flan.
88. Literally BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN ALL OF BOSTON. I crave food from this place. Every time I am remotely close to JP, I order from this place. Sometimes I find myself coming all the way out here to get the amazing food. I usually order the shrimp quesadillas or the veggie enchiladas. Both are absolutely amazing. The shrimp is seasoned so amazingly, the first time it actually brought tears to my eyes (literally no joke). And the rice, wow. It is actually pretty reasonable for food in Boston. The quesadillas run around $9-10 and the enchiladas run around $9-11.  Always get the hot sauce (unless spice isn't your thing). Also they take card!!!!Pros:-The food is just delish. The shrimp should be illegal how addicting it is. -Everything is handmade and you can taste the quality in their food. -The staff is friendly Cons:-Sometimes the wait is a little long. -The place doesn't offer much seating. - seating, staff, card
89. Great Mexican food. Had enchiladas and quesadilla, quesadillas were very tasty(sour cream and guacamole) and also they have vegetarian options.
90. Fantastic! Love this local taco joint near our place. They're consistent, very tasty, and make this Texas girl's heart very happy!
91. I'll preface this by first insisting the following: I am not a "Yelp Guy".  Let's regress... I entered with a blood-glucose level which felt fatally low; I could have comfortably eaten a 1/5th of my body weight.  The transpiring gluttony came close to that.  Oftentimes, a hunger of this magnitude will skew an opinion... TRUST-- that's not the case here.Remembering mere minutiae of my time spent @Chilacates, the feeling I had as I left the restaurant is what I want each of you to experience.  I exited in a trance which can only be described as a "Mexican afterglow." Special. Memories of sheer bliss sporadically fill my soul as I struggle to relive the Torta and Burrito I scoffed like a refugee. I blacked out! This place is far and away the best Taqueria I've been to. Get anything on the menu. It's one of those places.Go. - menu
92. Pretty good food, but admittedly the tastiest parts of the menu involve meat so while they do offer vegetarian options, as a vegetarian it is not my very favorite place.The storefront is tiny and there is usually a line, so you will often feel like you're on a subway at rush hour while waiting for your food. But the service is pretty quick and friendly. I wouldn't plan to try and dine in though. - service,line
93. Best Mexican food in Boston and it isn't all that close. I realize it's a low bar, but credit where due: Chilacates has been a godsend.Al pastor and lengua are the highlights for me. It's a super tiny place, better to get takeout (and eat in the park across the street if the weather's OK). - takeout
94. Let me start by saying, this place is an absolute gem! I'm from Chicago and this place was amazing. It's a cute little shop with food that packs huge flavor. I tried the Chicken Tinga burrito just the way they make it. Nothing extra just to see how the flavors mixed and it was to die for. The chicken was super juicy and the flavor was not too spicy and not too mild it was spot on! Everything inside the burrito married well and hit the palette perfectly.I went back for seconds to try something else. So I tried the chicken tamale. Chicken and Salsa Verde, can't be too difficult right? The masa was perfect, nice and moist, the chicken had great flavor and the salsa verde was insane! I could have eaten 12 of those right now. Overall the food was 5 stars. The quaint building in my opinion was a winner to me. The best Mexican food in Chicago comes from places you wouldn't even think to go into. The staff was very friendly and I even met the chef. She was very kind and if I were her, I'd be entirely proud of the food they are serving in that spot. This place is the truth, if you're in the area, please give it a try, you will not be disappointed. Your tastebuds will thank you too.... - flavor, staff, food
95. I can't even say more than three words. Get Chicken Tinga.Okay maybe I can say a few more words. I love this place so much. The shredded chicken burritos is truly all I get. It is fresh, savory, and prepared by nice, kind loving people who know what they are doing. I love the space, feel comfortable even when it is crowded and tight. I look forward to my weekly treat at Chilacates. - space
96. As a Texan I know good Mexican food. This place is legit! Super delicious! Only thing- wish the elote and frijoles weren't so expensive. Call your order in ahead of time; they're busy!
97. I came here for lunch and it was delicious. Got the "Naked burrito" aka a burrito bowl and it tasted delicious! Service was fast. I was surprise to find a seat during lunch time. A lot of people order to go. I will definitely come back and recommend it to others. Tip: they got their own home made hot sauce and they have tap water- you just have to ask for it at the counter. - service
98. Ate a torta with carne asada and I was not disappointed. Steak was flavorful and the bread was fresh! My side of maiz asada was grilled to perfection. I've tried my fair share of Mexican cuisine and this definitely makes my top 10.
99. Amazing!! That's all that really needs to be said. I had a quesadilla and it wasn't too oily like a lot of places make them (which I hate). The corn was also very good I can't wait to go back and try their tacos.
100. Some of the best tacos I've ever had, rich and full of flavor. Love the decor inside, especially the painting of Frida on one of the walls. Only downside is limited seating, but I was more than happy with my order and left feeling satisfied and full. - decor
101. Oh my god. This burrito was so incredible. I got the chicken one, and it was easily one of the best burritos I've ever eaten. It was rolled perfectly and didn't fall apart when I was eating it. The salsa is AMAZING. Don't miss out-- come here.



144. I'm so sad to give this spot three stars because I once loved it. The staff is so nice and food was once amazing. Last few times I've gone, the food just hasn't been that good. Food doesn't taste fresh, rice and meat tastes dry, flavors less flavorable etc. la Catrina, please take your food back to how it used to be! - ford, staff
145. After having La Catrina bookmarked for quite some time, my roommate and I finally made our way over to try it on a Tuesday night. It was Taco Tuesday and we wanted to see what La Catrina was all about. The place was small and almost every table was full - we managed to grab the last two-seat high top near the back of the restaurant. We were given menus but then subsequently ignored by the staff for about 15 minutes. When they finally came over (after having never brought us water or taken our drink orders), it was as if we were an inconvenience. "Are you ready to order?" We placed our drink, appetizer, and entree order, not knowing when we would be given attention by the staff again. I ordered the coconut margarita while my roommate ordered the spicy margarita. I know people have said their margaritas are "strong" but neither of ours were - they were pretty watered down and very sweet. For appetizers, we tried the grilled street corn and guacamole. The grilled corn was the best thing we ate that night. The guacamole, overpriced at $7 for a Chipotle-sized serving, was WAY too acidic. You couldn't taste the avocado at all - someone in the kitchen was heavy handed with the salt and the lime. For our meals, we each ordered two tacos. I ordered one al pastor and one carnitas. My roommate ordered one fish and one al pastor taco. The al pastor was dry and tough; the meat was over-cooked and it needed a lot of TLC to bring it back. The carnitas was much juicier but WAY too salty - again, someone needs to teach these people seasoning techniques. (And they never brought us water, at any point, to wash down the salty food). In the end, subpar service and improperly seasoned food means I probably won't be coming back to La Catrina anytime soon. Despite the lack of quality Mexican food in Boston, there definitely are better and other choices than La Catrina. - service, menus, overpriced, menus
146. I have been to La Catrina a bunch of times since it opened and I really loved it at first. The food is yummy and the margaritas are delicious and cheap. Over the past year, the service has declined and after the most recent incident, I'm not sure I will ever go back. As a former server, I tend to be a bit more sympathetic when things aren't perfect at a restaurant, but this place just has so many issues. At 9:12pm last night, I went in to grab a quick bite and drink. The server quickly told me that they were closed (even though the door and online say 10pm). I guess I could understand if the kitchen was closed but the bar too, 45 mins before the restaurant closes? The server said "we're closed" (despite other patrons being in the restaurant eating and drinking) and kind of just shooed me out the door. Here are the other issues I've had:- There have been multiple times that I've ordered items advertised on their menu that they are frequently out of i.e.: pina colada, tamales, and tortilla soup.  - Every time I've ordered water, I've had to request it multiple times and wait at least 20 minutes for it to arrive at the table. - It seems like they are almost always understaffed - it's a small place but there can't be one person who is bagging to-go orders, waiting tables, and bartending all at once. I've had to wait unreasonable amounts of time to order, receive the food, and no one ever checks in to make sure everything is ok. I am constantly flagging down the server to order another drink or get a refill on water. - Instead of checking on tables, the server will stand behind the bar on his phone.Overall, I think it's probably better to save La Catrina for takeout or skip it all together. Head over to Felipe's in Harvard Square for yummy Mexican food/drinks and a better experience. - service, understaffed
147. I live up the street so I frequently grab tacos and a margarita here with my two roommates on Tuesday or Wednesday (deals are good). I will keep it simple: we visit for the tacos, not the service. You will wait 15 min after you arrive to order drinks (so order your food at the same time). Tacos take a while but are worth the wait (Try the caramello). Chips and salsa are good but you'll probably only be offered one serving. No water unless you ask. Seat yourself. - service, serving
148. After gorging ourselves with tapas next door at Tasca, a few friends and I couldn't resist coming to La Catrina for Margarita Wednesday. Since the place is not really a bar, the four of us agreed it was tacky to just order $5 margs so we also got dessert.  Here is the breakdown of what we ordered:Spicy margarita: my go to drink at any other place but here. The drink was not spicy at all and tasted more like a house marg.Hibiscus margarita: tasted good and probably the one I would order next time.Passion fruit margarita: my friend ordered this but I didn't get to try it. Others said this was the best one. Churros with dulce con leche dipping sauce: $4 and came with four tiny churros but the sauce was to die for. Good enough that we wanted seconds but they had ran out for the night. Tres leches: the rest of my group did not like this dessert and left it to me to finish. I am a huge fan of tres leches after having made it myself for my AP Spanish class years ago. Other than my own creation, this was probably the best version of it that I have ever had at any store/bakery/restaurant (even when I had travelled to Mexico and Nicarargua!). Other than Margarita Wednesday, La Catrina also offers Taco Tuesdays where all their tacos are $2.50 instead of the regular $4. I'm all about the bargains so I will most definitely be coming back for the tacos. However, my expectations for the food are not very high based on the complimentary chips and salsa that we were served at the beginning of our 'meal'. The chips seemed like warmed up Tostitos and the salsa was overly watery. But who knows, I've been surprised before. - bar
149. Inexpensive small Mexican sit down shopVery similar to El Centro (same owner), but smaller and somewhat less expensive.  This is a very small store, maybe 12-15 tables.  The mole sauce on the enchiladas was very good.  The guacamole appetizer portion was smallish for the price ($7) and probably not worth it.  The margaritas were good.Service was a tad on the slow side.  Worth it if you're in the neighborhood, but not for a special trip. - service
150. Tiny low key spot, great good, great service. A tequila and Mexican beer selection that is quality but not over whelming. They also have specials great for people living locally $2.50 Taco Tuesday or $5 margarita Wednesday. I finally tried it after moving into the area a few months ago and I'll definitely be back :) - service
151. Their food is really authentic and their enchiladas and burritos are to die for.Also the price is pretty good for a restaurant that is both authentic and has good food.Their margaritas are also pretty nicely priced and deliscious. I would definitely recommend for either dates or groups. - priced
152. Great atmosphere! What I recommend: the corn on the cob, chips, salsa, and margaritas flavored passionfruit, coconut and regular. What I don't recommend: tamales (couldn't find the filling), spicy margarita (not actually 'hot' at all, but just some weird spices) and the sangria. - atmosphere
153. I have come here so many times cause the food is amazing, but every time I have come the service has been terrible. Every time. Well this last time was the final straw.First of all we asked for two waters. Never got the water. Then we are ordering and I asked to get the salad with shrimp. The waitress kind of looked at me funny and so I said again the salad with shrimp. So she was like ..ok. The food comes out and my salad has effing carnitas on it. I'm like, this is not what I ordered I don't eat meat I asked for shrimp. She's like oh ok, takes the plate and goes back to the kitchen. Comes back 2 mins later and says salad with shrimp is "not possible." I was like what? I've gotten that before and you have shrimp on the menu. She's like "can't do it." so I said nevermind I won't get anything. And sat and watched my boyfriend eat. And mind you, she didn't write anything down when we were ordering...If you could not do a salad with shrimp why would you not have said that when I ordered it!!! Plus that means when she put in my order, she either didn't understand and didn't care to ask me for clarification, or just said "f*ck it" and made up her own order for me. Terribly run establishment. Where are the managers or owners? Do you not realize your waitstaff is ruining your business? Or do you just not care? - waitstaff,service, menu
154. I went for Taco Tuesday and was able to find a spot for one at the bar without waiting in line. The mojito was great, but the tacos certainly leave a lot to be desired. The toppings were minimal and my tacos did not have everything on them that was listed on the menu. It's a good spot for cheap food and drinks if you are not a snob for Mexican food. - bar, menu
155. This place has some gems and they also have some flops. Gems include the nachos, sandwiches, and quesadilla. Flops include the tacos. I haven't had much else on the menu. The Mexican hot dog was nothing that stood out but it wasn't bad. Honestly, for the price though, get the nachos and a quesadilla and you'll be a happy camper. - price, menu
156. I went here for brunch but ended up ordering off the lunch menu. I have a thing for nachos no matter what time of day. I was definitely not disappointed, the nachos were all around delicious and full of flavor. I had originally ordered el burro ahogado which was alright but not my favorite. The sauce was not what I would have preferred and there was way too much rice in it. Service was good. The waitress looked at me crazy when I asked if she could turn the patriots game on though The decor was great! I loved all the sugar skulls and open front window. - service, waitress, decor
157. It is a cute little place but the food, drinks and the service is terrible. Our waitress was also rude to us.
158. Came in around 8 PM for taco tuesday ($2.50 per taco) and there were plenty of seats. There was just 2 of us but we were waiting for one more (I think this is what screwed up the service for us in the end). So we sat down and were given menus and chips and salsa to start. After about 35 minutes of no check in with us, no offer for drinks, nothing, I flagged down one of the two servers and asked if I could get some water. He was rushed and very annoyed at my flagging him down. I said "sorry to interrupt you..." and was about to order a margarita but he just turned around, rolled his eyes at me and left. When he came back with our waters I said "I actually wanted to order a drink too..." He was so incredibly rude I wanted to leave immediately, but I was hungry and wanted some tacos. I get my margarita (it's decent) and then I'm looking to order. We are ignored for the next 30 minutes again and after asking for a drink before I am scared to try again since he was SO annoyed at me. I'm just hoping someone will stop by our table and ask for our order. Our third party arrives around 9:30 PM. The server comes over now and informs us the kitchen is closing. I am beyond HANGRY at this point. You're going to ignore us for an hour and a half and then when you do wait on us you tell us the kitchen is closing?! WOW. Thankfully she said we could put in an order and they would make it for us, but seriously, this is the worst service I've seen in awhile. Needless to say the tacos were subpar - cold, dry but alright flavor wise. Throughout this I should mention that all around us people were being served and attended to. I watched so many plates and drinks come by and we just sat at our table being ignored. Not even a "Hey the kitchen is closing soon, can I put in some food for you?" or "I know you're waiting on a third party, but can I get you some waters or drinks?" None of that. I do not recommend due to their incredibly rude attitude and AWFUL service. - service
159. I went in with my boyfriend for an early dinner date. We were the only customers there. The waiter barely paid attention to us. On top of that, he screwed up my order. I received fish tacos when I ordered a fish burrito. Not sure if they have awful burritos or they were angry with me, for sending the tacos back, but my burrito was about 97% rice and 3% fish. I should have taken a picture.Margaritas are ok but they are really sugary.Tacos are pretty good, hence the 2 stars. - stars, service
160. Came here at least once a month since they opened a few years ago. Started off with amazing burritos, tacos, breakfast, everything. Service was great too. Somewhere over the past three years La Catrina started to slide, then full on nose dive. Tacos are soggy and thrown together like somebody dropped the fillings from chest height. Burritos are 90% rice at this point. Super strong drinks to hopefully make you forget about the service. Seriously, last time I was there I had to stop and really evaluate if I wronged my server in some way to deserve my treatment as a customer. - service, server
161. I've heard great things about Lolitas from friends so I wanted to give it a try, and they did not disappoint! Ordered Brussel sprouts, that corn, corn bread, fish tacos and shrimp tacos. The shrimp tacos came with a tomato base so it wasn't as appeasing to me. However, I normally don't like fish tacos and their fish tacos here were absolutely amazing! I will definitely come back again!
162. It's sad to see places get worse as they get more popular. In my previous review I said that I ordered the taco deal and I got the wrong price. My mistake I miscalculated. It was right. Yet I still was not a fan of the taste and unfortunately I got food poisoning from it. Thankfully our server was really nice. Their palette cleanser and cotton candy was still really fun.Would I recommend the taco deal again? probably not! - server, price
163. This place was amazing. The drinks were great and the food was amazing. "That corn" was delicious. The service was marvelous and attentive even though the place was placed. The decor was seductive and the staff was lovely. I would recommend stopping by this place if your in Boston. - decor, service, staff
164. The lively decor is stunning and eye catching. It was filled with black leather and red walls. Very good service. They were very knowledgeable of the menu. Food is out of this world. Applause to the chef. Go for the ambiance and the food and a few servings of tequila. - service, food
165. I love this place!! The opening snow cone appetizer is so fun, the food was delicious and the cotton candy army the end was such a treat. The ambience is perfect for a fun memorable dinner. - ambience
166. Creative drinks with fresh fruit with a very nice ambiance right in the heart of Boston! Plus it's mysterious vibe is appealing.  Since this place is very loud, I would suggest coming here as the final stop in the night.
167. Restaurants are always better when you have to crawl into a dark area to properly enjoy your meal. The polite staff will make sure that you don't get lost and are properly protected from any demons that lurk in the darkness. The only things that they can't protect you from are the demons within or from their spectacular tequila shave ice. It'll all be worth it when you're saved by that gigantic ball of cotton candy at the end. - staff


333. I love Rosa Mexicano, I frequent the one at Lincoln Center in NYC a lot and was excited to try the Boston one. I found it just as good. The service was great, and we had a nice meal. I would definitely come back. - service
334. The service was horrible...the food was ok but its not the best "Mexican" food I had eaten...I had to wait 45 min for the main dish, our server was not knowledgeable and not attentive!! I would not be going back. - service, wait
335. My husband and I enjoy Mexican food, and we were pleased with our meals, though the food was pricy for what it was. We had scallop tacos, chicken enchilladas, and guacamole; for dessert, the churros. We were most impressed with some of the sides: the refried beans and the chilli were both delicious. Our waiter was pleasant, but practically ignored us after delivering our meals and the first round of drinks. My husband wasn't able to order his second drink until dessert! This was majorly disappointing and totally detracted from the experience. The restaurant was busy, but not that busy. I may consider going back because it's a close and convenient location for us and I liked the food enough. However, I won't be rushing back because the services wasn't very attentive (understatement of the year) and the prices were high.  All I can say is that I miss the Mexican food in L.A.  You can spend half as much, have twice the food (just as delicious), and get sloshed on margaritas. - pricy,services
336. Food is very good. Service... some of the worst. The waiter was a train wreck from beginning to end. Barely saying hello.. Breaking a glass on me and yelling out Jesus Christ, not a "sorry" or anything.. Not telling us the specials. Not bringing drinks...  Trying to clear our plates to rush us out when I had 1/2 my food left.  And finally taking 32 minutes from when I gave him my credit card until we got our bill back.   We went to the one in DC and loved it.  The Boston version is not the same. - service, card, waiter
337. Great atmosphere!  It's fun and happening and the drinks are good. The guac is pretty tasteless, but salsas are good, especially the smokey spicy one. The scallop and pork belly tacos were pretty good at brunch, but not so great at dinner. Brunch overall seemed way more delish.  Temezcal And Ole are way better food wise.  My biggest complaint is the stale chips (unacceptable, what with la Nina tortilleria in town) and lack of salt on everything. - atmosphere, brunch
338. My wife have been there twice and our experience is similar to prior reviews, either great or terrible.  Our 1st time the svc and food where excellent in the dining room.  I had the pork shank and it was well prepared.Tonight, we sat at a bar high top.  My wife scraped her lip on a chipped glass which is an accident.  The waiter apologized, but it might have been nice if he brought another glass of water.  My order was incorrect.  It took a while to get the attention of the waiter as he had almost 30 customers, but I was impressed that a mgr brought out my new order to ensure it was done correctly.When we ordered our ck, we were overcharged more than double, OOPS!  Temazcal is comparable in price, but substantially better.  Papa Gallo on Summer Street is simpler and less expensive, but also a better $ value.Suggest staying away from Rosa Mexicano.
339. I came here for drinks and dinner on a Friday night because they take reservations, I didn't feel like waiting for hours to get a table at Temazcal, and this place is just slightly closer to Southie than Papagayo - that right there sums up anything positive about Rosa Mexicano. Actually, I'm not even sure the fact that they take reservations adds value since they were pretty empty at 7:30pm on a Friday - weird, because the sidewalk in the Seaport might as well have a waitlist on a Friday night in July.Table side guac - cool, but Papagayo did it first, does it better, gives you more and charges less.The rest of the food was greasy and bland - we just got apps because the entrees were WAY overpriced. And speaking of overpriced...the drinks (and by drinks I mean the one drink I ordered because it was so awful I couldn't stomach another) were tiny. Here's a hint - margaritas should be served in a margarita glass - not an 8oz water glass.I will say, our sever was a nice guy - two stars instead of one because of him.Apologies for the tude in this review - but why on earth did someone think this location was in need of another Mexican restaurant, let alone a bad one? Rosa Mexicano is a waste of a huge chunk of prime real estate - fingers crossed for a hibachi restaurant when this place goes out of business! - overpriced,server
340. OMG!  This was the worse Mexican food I have ever eaten. My friend and I went to this restaurant last Friday evening, 6 PM reservations.  First, I'll start off with service.  We were sat in the rear of the restaurant when there were lots of empty tables closer to the middle and the front of the restaurant.  Our waiter came over with someone shadowing him.  He was so soft spoken that I couldn't hear him, so I know the person who was shadowing him couldn't hear him. He didn't ask if it was our first time eating there; didn't ask if we wanted a cocktail.  He started off asking if we wanted guacamole and I asked how many people would it serve because I had seen the menu online and saw it was $14.00. One avocado for $14.00 is a lot.  We decided to order the nachos instead. . . .which were amazing.  After we ordered our nachos, he came back and asked if we wanted salsa and chips. We asked how much for the chips and salsa.  If there wasn't a charge for the chips and salsa, we shouldn't have had to ask. . .they should have been put on the table as soon as we sat down.  There were two of us at our table and we had 3 people bringing out our food.  It was kind of confusing because there were so many black shirts running around. He didn't sell us on cocktails.  He never asked if we wanted a cocktail; I had to flag him down and ask if we could get a cocktail. My margarita ($9.75) came in a whiskey glass, filled to the top with ice.  Three sips and I was done.  That was our cocktail for the night because the waiter never came back to ask if we wanted another one.  For dinner, I ordered the carnita tacos which were supposed to be served on a sizzling skillet. The skillet was not sizzling.  I could pick it up with my bare hand. The pork was dry without one dusting of seasoning. The tacos were served with refried beans which looked and tasted liked blended baby food and brown rice which would have been tasty if it had been warm. The rice was ice cold. My friend's enchiladas were so spicey it brought tears to her eyes and had me coughing. I like a little spice, but not enough to make me cough.  Her enchiladas were nice and hot, which told me they made my meal and let it sit before finishing hers.  Would I come back?  Maybe come and sit at the bar and order the enchiladas and chips and salsa.  I woudn't trust anything else, not even the margaritas. - reservations, service
341. This review is for the downtown location, not sure how to move it to there::Beautiful restaurant! I loved the atmosphere. Our servers/hostess were very polite. The waitress had great knowledge of the food. I got the pomegranate mojito that was delicious. Complimentary chips and salsa were good although it would have been better with heated tortilla chips. Got their famous guac app and the way they talk about it I thought it would be better. Ours was very light on onions, cilantro, and lime. I would suggest getting it on the spicy side for more flavor. The guac that came with my fajita plate was better so maybe our batch was just on the bland side.Dinner portions are big which I love! I had the chicken fajita plate. I expected it to b sizzling...it wasn't, but it was still good. I wish there were grilled peppers with the chicken and onions. Overall my plate was really yummy! Check out my photo! I definitely plan on returning. - portions, atmosphere
342. I had high hopes for this place, having walked by it and liking the bright, fun, but not cliche interior.  The reviews were decent, so thought we'd try it.Wow. What a mistake.From sitting down to paying the bill, we had TERRIBLE service. The joyless, unfriendly waiter seemed irritated to have to do his job. We waited a long long time to order, then when our guac was brought out (by another runner), we didn't get any chips for about 10 minute (they there were awful - see below).   In the meantime, I'd run out of water, and no one refilled it. After eating some of the super-hot guac i needed water, so waited. and waited. and waited for our waiter. He never came back over, so i had to go to the bar and get water refills.He dropped off our entrees eventually without a word other than "here you go". No offer of more drinks, or water. He never checked back with us to see how things were.The wait for he check was similarly long. The food wasn't any better, with the dregs of the bottom of the chip container brought for our HELLISHLY hot guac.  (So broken greasy chips...umm yuck!)My entree was something tamale-ish, i cant even remember, but it was sided with boring re-fried beans with some sprinkles of Mexican cheese on top and basically plain rice. The sauce was an extremely one-note vinegary green sauce that made my throat hurt.Forget the churros i would normally have gotten (i can't imagine how bad that would have been!) -- we bee-lined for South Station and got an Auntie Annie's Cinnamon Pretzel instead.Wow, this place was one of the biggest dining disappointments EVER. And that's saying a lot.My partner left a $2 tip, and a long note explaining why on the reverse. It takes a lot of being ignored and brought bad food to prompt that!!! - service, bar
343. This place is amazing! Vegetarian Tacos. Reasonable single serve guacamole. OUTRageous margaritas. Try the Especial!Attentive and knowledgable servers. Love, love, loved it!!! - servers
344. Came in a year after my first visit with pretty much the same group of co-workers. I have to say that the service was pretty bad. Especially for a restaurant at this price point. It took a while for our pitchers of margaritas to arrive at our table. When they did it took another 5 minutes or so for them to finally bring glasses. The guacamole was still excellent. The other food items I had were either unmemorable. This place is for you if you are looking for Mexican appetizers at a bar in a nice atmosphere. - atmosphere, service
345. I'm not sure how I felt about this place. There had been so much hype that I was excited to go in and try it. I was kind of hungover when I went, so take this review with a grain of salt. I ordered the fish tacos which were really good. The guacamole, however, was not. It had that generic factory-made aftertaste. I guess we should have taken advantage of the tableside guac service, but $10 for that and chips seemed like a lot. The restaurant is neat though so I guess check it out.
346. Pretty cool interior much better than competitors on route 1! Deff underrated. The menu is a bit basic but then again i went as soon as it opened but yet it was still satisfying the drinks are very good - menu
347. We came in Saturday as skeptical as anyone can be of Mexican food of Boston. We left impressed. Ladies loved the Margaritas - Everyone enjoyed food: I had fish tacos I liked for the first time ever, Tacos Al Pastor were solid, Filet Fajitas were really good - great chips & guac (no need to bother with Rosa if you want to stay on this side of town vs go to the BackBay/Lolita).Ceviche was the only miss. Would absolutely come back.
348. I'm not sure I'll be back. We sat at the narrow tables in the bar area. It took quite a bit to be acknowledged by the staff and then everything took to long, including about 10 min to get 2 margaritas. The food quality was just ok. It did seem like many were enjoying the place so perhaps just a miss on service, good luck. - service, staff
349. Tacos al Pastor. Y'all need to look up the definition of how to prepare Mexican BBQ pork. Asked for hot sauce, all they had was cholula and an undisclosed chef's special spicy sauce.Well the 'spicy sauce' arrived along with fresh onion and cilantro (as I'd asked). Mixed that into the (now cold) pork and it saved it. #FAIL
350. I've been here twice now. While the drinks are pretty good, sometimes great, the food is bad and overpriced.  I prefer the "Mexican food" at Border Cafe to this place and that's really saying something.The chips are hard and stale-ish, the guac is flavorless and ridiculously expensive, and the enchiladas just plain suck. Your best bet is to come here for drinks and grab dinner elsewhere. There's SO many better options in the area. - overpriced
351. Between the extensive and reasonably priced tequila list and the amazing fish tacos, there's much to like at Papagayo.As others have mentioned, tableside guacamole is a must. You can specify your spice level, and will be given a generous bowl of guac that easily satisfies four diners as an appetizer. As for entrees, I've heard good things about many of the menu items, but I've only ever eaten the fish tacos. I think they're excellent; they're garnished with mojo, guacamole, and pickled cabbage, and have just the right level of acid once you squeeze the provided lime wedges over the fish. An order nets you three tacos, no sides, so plan accordingly if you're jonesing for frijoles.The prepared drinks are good here, but I usually gravitate toward the tequila list to try a new variety. Papagayo actually has a tequila club that tracks your drinks and rewards people who try 100+ tequilas, but it has always been too crowded when I'm here to sign up. Maybe someday.Atmosphere is where Papagayo falls a bit short for me. It gets really crowded in here, and the acoustics can make it difficult to hear over crowd noise. There are also not enough restrooms for a restaurant of this size. One time when I was here I opted to walk to Biddy Early's to use their restroom rather than wait in the unbelievable bathroom line at Papagayo; anyone who's used the Biddy's bathroom should get a sense of my desperation. That said, I do like the cheerful and colorful decor at Papagayos and suspect it would be a fantastic happy hour joint, before it gets truly packed. - restrooms, bathroom, decor, menu, priced
352. I went here after a conference with 6 co-workers. I called a few hours in advance and they reserved a table for us, which was awesome. We started with the guacamole, prepared tableside, and it was excellent. I recommend getting it spicy. Our server, Doug, was super friendly and knowledgeable. He gave great suggestions for drinks and food. My friends had margaritas and I had the red sangria. I know you're thinking margaritas at a Mexican place should be a no-brainer, but I can't do tequila and, as a sangria lover, I was impressed. Between the 7 of us we had enchiladas, quesadillas, and flautas. We all enjoyed our food and left very full. The food is very reasonably priced too. I would definitely come here again!

424. I really enjoyed their brunch! We got the chicken and waffles, huevos con carne, and the benedict. The chicken is bone in and the waffles was like cornbread. Delicious! The huevos con carne was also really good. The eggs were well seasoned, the home fries were crispy and had a nice sauce on it, and the chorizo had a nice spice to it. The benedict looked yummy but I didn't try it. Will be back for brunch again! It does get packed so come a bit earlier than the rush to beat a wait. - brunch, wait
425. Atmosphere: 5 StarsFood: 5 StarsDrink:  4 StarsService: 5 StarsOverall experience was exceptional, funBlackened Swordfish Taco: Well-good, top-classCubano: Top-classBurrito de Chorizo: Very potatoeyBloody Mary: Bland, overpriced (my buddy kept ordering them, so maybe I'm out of touch)Kona Big Wave: ColdPaloma: Refreshing (my buddy had six; subsequently checked into rehab)Maddie: Top-server. We all fell in love. *Rankings/reviews based on items consumed- Atmosphere, service, food
426. There's a reason this place holds down South Boston.
427. Love the atmosphere in here! So loud and exciting, they also play great music! The drinks are delicious and around $11. Went on taco Tuesday and tacos are about $3.5 each. The food comes out fast! I got the fish and avocado tacos which were so fresh and tasty! - music, atmosphere
428. WOW!!! Loved this place!! But be prepared for a wait or squeeze yourself into bar seats!!! This is exactly what I did with my kids on our trip to to Boston!! They make a mean Marg, have a good beer selection, and the bartender was fantastic. I also recommend the guac!! the Tacos are very tasty as well. I will definitely be back on another trip to Boston. - wait, bartender
429. I came in on a Tuesday night and waited about 10 minutes for seating for a person. The hostess had a texting system which works for great. Ambiance: Loud!!! Low lighting. College-like vibe but nonetheless music I would definitely dance to. I would bring friends here and most likely pre-game or have a fun and drunken catch up session. I would also probably bring a date here if I did not want to engage so much in conversation. Ordered: Taco Tuesday's- Avocado taco with Brussels sprouts, pork tacos and fish tacos. 2 dozen oysters with the frozen mango topping and chili mignonette.Avocado taco - good but nothing mind blowing. The avocado itself was not detectable flavor wise and as a veggie taco it was fresh but weak in flavor. Fish taco- Great portion of fish, lots of cabbage. So there was a disproportionate amount of cabbage to fish filet. Again, it was good but wish it had more flavor. WOULD have been helpful to have the taco cooked or grilled since the raw corn taste overpowered how good the fish was.Pork taco- DELICIOUS!!! Plenty of meat piled on with deep fried nachos and mangoes. I would DEFINITELY recommend! I ate 3 of these. But again, the raw taco taste. Please put your tacos on the grill for longer or use a better corn based flavor taco.Now the oysters- TO DIE FOR!!! It's all in the mignonette options and toppings. That mango!!!! I had a mixture of oysters and I would come back for them again. Too bad I missed $1 Oyster Monday's. Might have to make a trip from NYC to Boston just for that Mango granita on top of my oysters. - hostess, ambiance, lighting, portion
430. There's nothing more awkward than not liking restaurants everyone else loves, but Loco was so underwhelming. I'll start with the good first: I like how open yet intimate the table settings are; we sat at a high top near the window (perfect lighting for food pics and selfies by the way) I tried the widely talked about coconut margarita and although I am not a fan of coconuts or margaritas, the drink was really good! Perfect proportion of sweetness to alcohol. I also like their guac, it's fresh and flavored right and the chips were slightly thicker and crunchier than regular tortilla chips. But the best thing there was their corn. It's not as good as Toro or Lone Star but it's still worth a try! Now onto the bad... I hate to admit it but I did not like their tacos one bit. It was so "basic" that I could've easily replicated it at home. I appreciate when chefs know what ingredients go well with certain proteins; but all the tacos featured the same ingredients except for a select few. There were no unique flavors, sauces, or spices in any of the tacos and nothing was incredibly fresh. The tacos aren't bad, they were just too simple for the price point. I don't know if I would come back since there are better taco places in the Boston area.
431. I am am completely blown away by this establishment. Traveling with 4 kids, (11,4,3, and 11weeks) is not always the easiest. Not only was the  staff beyond friendly and accommodating, the food was phenomenal. Large portions full of flavor, the coconut margarita was to die for. Our server copied down the recipe for me and I can't wait to try it out because I have been searching for my two favorite things to come together as one- Coconuts and Margaritas! Thank you for the amazing food, drinks and memories! Girls trip 2017! - food, portions
432. One of the best tortilla and guac I've ever had. The chips were crispy and spiced with chili powder which gave them a nice kick, and the guac was done just right, not too chunky or smooth. It was the perfect sized appetizer for a group of three, but man did I wish I had more!Since I was feeling brunch, I ordered the huevos benedictos (eggs benedict) and boy was it good. The Portuguese sweet bread, tasso ham, poached eggs, and hefty side of potatoes were sure fulfilling. I was a bit surprised at how well the poached eggs came out...it was perfect. 
433. Amazing dinner place (especially for vegans and gluten free folks). Ambiance, music, service, food  and drinks - all at point!! We went here on a Monday evening and the place was packed!!!Fortunately I had called them a couple of hours in advance to secure a reservation. We tried their nachos and guacamole for appetizers. I had their grilled Avocado tacos (there's Brussels sprouts in these) and they are so filling....so delicious! The carnitas tacos as per my partner were great too! I plan to try their corn on cob and Zucchini tacos next time! Overall, I rated them full stars because this is the best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to! - Ambiance, music, service, food, reservations
434. Always on the top of my list when I'm craving tacos or a margarita, but recently dropped by Loco on a Saturday morning for brunch & was not disappointed! For a place that is normally packed, it was pleasantly vacant and we were able to grab a table right away. The breakfast tacos were AMAZING, I will be back again and again for them. We also ordered the breakfast burrito which was good, but a little heavy (potatoes in the burrito & on the side). Prices are fair, service is amazing - Loco knows how to keep their customers coming back for more. - brunch,service,prices
435. Great tacos, amazing drinks and service. Come for the tacos stay for the drinks and atmosphere. - atmosphere, service
436. I've only been here for drinks but the drinks were great! They have a large bar and a great drink menu with some unique options. Average prices, cool interior, and great service. The food I did see though looked amazing so I will be sure to return for tacos soon! - interior,prices,service,menu
437. Made reservations online for 5:30 and the place was pretty empty. As we ate though, it filled up quick so i recommend making a reservation. We started with drinks and an app - just the regular guac and chips. The guac was just "ok" in my opinon, needed some salt. the chips were yummy! I wish they would have been warm. Some of them have a heavy seasoning, though, which can be spicy!I had "the cheerleader" to drink. it was good for the first half. It became a little too minty after that. Now, onto the food!!The tacos were on point. We got the grilled avocado and the carne asada. The carne asada were good. The steak was small and cubed, but had good flavor. The true winner was the grilled avocado. Get this taco, please. It does have some heat with jalapeño so ask without if you are a wimp. But this taco was so fresh and the flavors just went together so well. Tacos come 2 per order. Decent size. I do recommend spreading out your orders though. Food comes out VERY FAST. Almost a little too fast. The pace made me feel rushed, which i disliked. Granted, they probably were trying to turn our table quickly. We finished with churros. They were good and made to order. They came with a chocolate sauce to dip. Yum! Give this place a try. 5 blocks from the broadway station. - reservations, flavors
438. Perfect spot for brunch, the food was delicious, good service, and fun atmosphere! Grilled Avocado tacos was a delicious and healthy vegetarian option on their menu. Will definitely be back again. - atmosphere, menu, service

714. Came For The Cafe  Stayed For The Food, Iff u Want Autentic Spanish Breakfast Please Visit  Angelas Cafe in East Boston  .Great Service very Quick To Attend You - service
715. I started off with the strawberry margarita- very good. We then ordered Guacamole- amazing. It was cozy and had a nice authentic atmosphere. I look forward to coming back. - atmosphere
716. Anyone giving Angela's less than 4 stars needs to have their head examined,  they certainly don't know good/authentic Mexican food.If you're giving a restaurant 1 star because they don't deliver and yelp says they do (which they don't control) or because you had to wait outside at a small restaurant at 7pm on a Saturday you need to seriously get over yourself. The world doesn't revolve around you. Angela's is without a doubt the best Mexican restaurant in the Boston area. I've had pretty much the entire menu by now and probably eat here 2-4 times a week. Their brunch is absolutely off the charts good, get the chilaquiles which I've had all over Mexico and simply haven't found anything close to in my travels. - deliver, wait, menu, brunch
717. This place is so good! Chelsea and East Boston have tons of Salvadoran and Mexican cuisine. However I've eaten at a few dozen of them and Angela's definitely has the most authentic, quality food. It's fresh, and you can really tell they take pride in the food they serve. - food
718. After looking up some places to have some breakfast pretty early, I finally landed on Angela's Cafe.  I've never really ventured to Eastie for food but this spot makes me want to come back.  The trip there was kind of unusual since we basically drove through Logan and once we got in the area it looked like there was nothing around but apartments.  Soon enough we pulled up to the corner and saw a little nook with an Angela's Cafe sign.When we walked in, there were a few Eastie regulars reading a paper with their cup of coffee and eggs.  It is a fairly small space but it feels comfortable and homey due to the friendly service and Mexican music playing.After being seated, we got down to business.  When it comes to eating out, we tend to order as many things as possible when going to a restaurant so we can have a wide range of tastes and Angela's was no different.  We landed on the Award Winning Guacamole (because how are you going to go to an authentic Mexican place and not get guac), Steak Quesadilla, Mole Poblano de Angela and the Dulce de Leche Pancakes.  The Guac was extremely fresh and flavorful and the homemade chips and salsa that came with them were thick and delicious.  The Steak Quesadilla was packed with flavor.  The seasoning on the steak made it standout and it was definitely one of the best quesadillas I've had.  Good size too.  Next, I had the Mole Poblano de Angela.  I had never had Mole before but this sauce was one of the most unique flavors I've ever had (in a good way).  It was sweet, savory, spicy and worked perfectly with the chicken, rice and beans.  It was hard to stop eating... probably why I didn't stop eating.  Lastly, the Dulce de Leche Pancakes.  These were awesome.  Very sweet (really? caramel pancakes are sweet?) but not ridiculously sweet.  Very good flavor, nice vanilla in the pancakes.  Aside from them being delicious, they served three massive pancakes, a substantial portion size. Everything that I tasted here was exceptional.  The service was great, both quick and helpful.  It's hard to imagine what they could have done to have made my experience better.  Maybe fed me my food?  Nah, they probably can't do that.  I do know that I'll definitely be back though. - space,size,service,music,portion
719. We learned of Angela's watching Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and decided to check it out today. This place is awesome.A family owned restaurant, Angela's brings authentic Mexican cuisine to East Boston. All the ingredients are fresh and, when possible, sourced from Mexico. Joe, one of the owners, spent a lot of time explaining their dishes to us and recommended we try the house special, chilaquiles. It was off the hook.Very pleased to have found this place.
720. This place is awesome. The plus one and I go here at least once a week. The enchiladas, mole, tinga burrito, and guac are wicked wicked good. Heard the mariscados was good, but I never tried it. The breakfast (in particular the Chilaquiles) is top-notch. Steak and eggs are fantastic. The servers are super warm and friendly, so is the owner. A GREAT place to go, especially for brunch. - servers, brunch
721. This is a very small space that gets a line out the door during the weekend. But the wait is well worth it, the food is incredible, reasonably priced and just worth it, desserts are also amazing - line, food, priced
722. I've been here a couple times and i really like it, the ambiance is very nice, good music and friendly staff.I'll be coming back!!! - ambiance, music, staff
723. I eat here at least once a week, sometimes twice or three times (if you count both dine-in and takeout). Obsessed with their tacos, guacamole, and tinga burrito. Bloody marys are also great. I recommend this place to literally everyone I talk to - dine-in, takeout
1345. sat at the bar, good drinks, good food and the bartender was friendly. I would go again, we had a blast. my meal was great, I had some kind of skirt steak rolled up, definitely will get it again. I wish I remembered the name of the dish. good place for Mexican and drinks if your in the mood. -bartender,food,meal
1346. No wifi (yelp said there was) -- not sure if there's a better place to report it/let folks know. - wifi
1347. Food was okay.  Place gets very lively and then super busy for late night drinks. - food
1348. What a great location, beautiful restaurant, and comfortable vibe. Temazcal LOOKS like everything you want in a relaxing lunch, dinner, or after work marg at the bar.  The latter is why I typically pop on over to this Mexican spot. However, I do not think I will be returning.A friend of mine and I went to Temazcal for lunch on Monday afternoon. We frequent the bar for after work margaritas, chips and salsa, and maybe a bowl of guacamole or queso here and there. We'd never had a meal there before, but had been happy with everything else. So, we figured why not?Well, I'll tell you why not. While the service was subpar (especially considering we were one of three tables in the place during our entire meal), it was not terrible. It was to the level where I would have left a 10% tip, but not bad enough for me to write a Yelp review about it.  Our food came out, and was much bigger than we anticipated (or we were really hungry and ordered more  than we should have.).  I got the Chicken Quesadilla, and my friend got the Chicken Tacos. We both also ordered a side of Chorizo Mac and Cheese, although neither of us were hungry enough to so much as try them by the end.   After a rather lengthy wait for our check to be brought out (annoying since we were on lunch breaks and needed to get back to the office), we both started to feel a bit of a gurgle in our stomachs. Initially, we thought it was just from eating too much food, but even after leaving the restaurant and walking several blocks, the slight gurgle persisted. Approximately an hour after we ate, I got violently ill and was asked to leave the office.  I later found out that my friend was also incredibly sick and barely made it back to the bathroom at her office.  This was no coincidence. So, I called Temazcal, let them know that we both were very sick and both had eaten the chicken. My main concern was to be sure that no one else got sick. Since there were only a grand total of 10 people in the restaurant, I had hoped no one else got the chicken and they could pull it before the dinner rush.I was put on hold for over 6 minutes, and when a manager finally picked up, I was initially met with defensiveness, not concern. He said "I have to be honest, no one else has called about this at all". I let him know that we were the only ones in the restaurant when we ordered and there were only 2 other tables when we left, so it was possible no one else ate it, or that it hadn't "hit" yet. The manager took my name and number, and said he would follow up with me the next day to tell me if he had found anything and to see how I was feeling.  No such follow-up attempt was made. And I was actually sick two more times over the next 24 hours.Temazcal is a great after work drink spot, but I will never eat here again. Working at the Seaport, I will also be telling other coworkers, hotel guests, and convention-goers not to eat there as well. There is another Mexican restaurant across the street that I have not been sick from that may better suite their needs.  This is most likely an isolated incident, but the manager's lack of genuine concern and inability to handle it in a satisfactory way is troublesome. Better to be safe than sorry and stay away from Temazcal - location,vibe, service

